plugins/inputs/dcos_statsd/README.md, before:

# DC/OS Statsd Plugin

The DC/OS statsd plugin gathers metrics from applications running as mesos tasks. Tasks with appropriate labels are
instrumented for metrics.  Service discovery is achieved via task labels. 

### Statsd

Each task instrumented for statsd has a dedicated statsd server process. The address of the server is injected into the
container via the standard `STATSD_UDP_HOST` and `STATSD_UDP_PORT` environment variables. 

The metrics received on this server are annotated with the task name and retransmitted to the
[statsd plugin](../statsd). 

When a task finishes, any metrics it reported that haven't yet been gathered by Telegraf will be discarded. Tasks that
live for a duration shorter than the configured `interval` for this input may not have their metrics gathered.

Sample marathon app configuration:

```
{
  id: "statsd-emitter",
  cmd: "/opt/mesosphere/bin/statsd-emitter",
  labels: {
    DCOS_METRICS_TYPE: "statsd"
  }
}
```

### Configuration:

This section contains the default TOML to configure the plugin.  You can
generate it using `telegraf --usage dcos_statsd`.

```toml
# Telegraf plugin for gathering metrics from mesos tasks
[[inputs.dcos_statsd]]
  ## The address on which the command API should listen
  listen = "localhost:8888"
  ## The name of the systemd socket on which the command API should listen. Leave unset to listen on an address.
  #systemd_socket_name = "dcos-statsd.socket"
  ## The directory in which container information is persisted
  containers_dir = "/run/dcos/mesos/isolators/com_mesosphere_MetricsIsolatorModule/containers"
  ## The period after which requests to the API should time out
  timeout = "15s"
  ## The hostname or IP address on which to host statsd servers
  statsd_host = "198.51.100.1"
```

With minimal configuration, this plugin expects the cluster to be in permissive mode. Strict mode requires TLS 
configuration. 

### Metrics:

This plugin is a special case in that it relays metrics generated by userland code. It is not possible to list these
metrics.

### Tags:

All metrics have the following tags:

 - container_id
 - metrics_type

### Example Output:

<!-- TODO: expand with all metrics -->
```
$ telegraf --config dcos.conf --input-filter dcos_statsd --test
* Plugin: dcos_statsd
  cpus,host=172.17.8.102,container_id=12377985-615c-4a1a-a491-721ce7cd807,metrics_type=counter
  database.rows.written=12345,database.iops=100 1453831884664956455
```

Commit message:

Add allowed_pending_messages to dcos_statsd readme

plugins/inputs/dcos_statsd/README.md, after:

# DC/OS Statsd Plugin

The DC/OS statsd plugin gathers metrics from applications running as mesos tasks. Tasks with appropriate labels are
instrumented for metrics.  Service discovery is achieved via task labels. 

### Statsd

Each task instrumented for statsd has a dedicated statsd server process. The address of the server is injected into the
container via the standard `STATSD_UDP_HOST` and `STATSD_UDP_PORT` environment variables. 

The metrics received on this server are annotated with the task name and retransmitted to the
[statsd plugin](../statsd). 

When a task finishes, any metrics it reported that haven't yet been gathered by Telegraf will be discarded. Tasks that
live for a duration shorter than the configured `interval` for this input may not have their metrics gathered.

Sample marathon app configuration:

```
{
  id: "statsd-emitter",
  cmd: "/opt/mesosphere/bin/statsd-emitter",
  labels: {
    DCOS_METRICS_TYPE: "statsd"
  }
}
```

### Configuration:

This section contains the default TOML to configure the plugin.  You can
generate it using `telegraf --usage dcos_statsd`.

```toml
# Telegraf plugin for gathering metrics from mesos tasks
[[inputs.dcos_statsd]]
  ## The address on which the command API should listen
  listen = "localhost:8888"
  ## The name of the systemd socket on which the command API should listen. Leave unset to listen on an address.
  #systemd_socket_name = "dcos-statsd.socket"
  ## The directory in which container information is persisted
  containers_dir = "/run/dcos/mesos/isolators/com_mesosphere_MetricsIsolatorModule/containers"
  ## The period after which requests to the API should time out
  timeout = "15s"
  ## The hostname or IP address on which to host statsd servers
  statsd_host = "198.51.100.1"
  ## The number of pending messages each statsd server can hold (default 10000)
  #allowed_pending_messages = 10000
```

With minimal configuration, this plugin expects the cluster to be in permissive mode. Strict mode requires TLS 
configuration. 

### Metrics:

This plugin is a special case in that it relays metrics generated by userland code. It is not possible to list these
metrics.

### Tags:

All metrics have the following tags:

 - container_id
 - metrics_type

### Example Output:

<!-- TODO: expand with all metrics -->
```
$ telegraf --config dcos.conf --input-filter dcos_statsd --test
* Plugin: dcos_statsd
  cpus,host=172.17.8.102,container_id=12377985-615c-4a1a-a491-721ce7cd807,metrics_type=counter
  database.rows.written=12345,database.iops=100 1453831884664956455
```
