plugins/processors/dcos_metadata/README.md, before:

# DC/OS Metadata Plugin

The DC/OS metdata processor plugin tracks state on the mesos agent, and decorates every metric which passes through it
from the [dcos_container](../../input/dcos_container) and [dcos_statsd](../../input/dcos_statsd) plugins with 
appropriate metadata in the form of DC/OS primitives. 


### Configuration

```toml
# Associate metadata with dcos-related metrics
[[processors.dcos_metadata]]
  ## The URL of the mesos agent
  mesos_agent_url = "http://$NODE_PRIVATE_IP:5051"
  ## The period after which requests to mesos agent should time out
  timeout = "10s"
  ## The minimum period between requests to the mesos agent
  rate_limit = "5s"
  ## Optional IAM configuration
  # ca_certificate_path = "/run/dcos/pki/CA/ca-bundle.crt"
  # iam_config_path = "/run/dcos/etc/dcos-telegraf/service_account.json"
```

### Tags:

This process adds the following tags to any metric with a container_id tag set:

 - `task_name` - the name of the task associated with this container
 - `executor_name` - the name of the executor which started the task associated
                     with this container
 - `service_name` - the name of the service (mesos framework) which scheduled 
                    the task associated with this container

Additionally, any task labels which are prefixed with `DCOS_METRICS_` are added
to each metric as a tag. For example, the application configuration would have
every metric associated with it decorated with a `FOO=bar` tag.

```
{
  "id": "some-task",
  "cmd": "sleep 123",
  "labels": {
    "HAPROXY_V0_HOST": "http://www.example.com",
    "DCOS_METRICS_FOO": "bar"
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Add whitelist for metric tags

plugins/processors/dcos_metadata/README.md, after:

# DC/OS Metadata Plugin

The DC/OS metdata processor plugin tracks state on the mesos agent, and decorates every metric which passes through it
from the [dcos_container](../../input/dcos_container) and [dcos_statsd](../../input/dcos_statsd) plugins with 
appropriate metadata in the form of DC/OS primitives. 


### Configuration

```toml
# Associate metadata with dcos-related metrics
[[processors.dcos_metadata]]
  ## The URL of the mesos agent
  mesos_agent_url = "http://$NODE_PRIVATE_IP:5051"
  ## The period after which requests to mesos agent should time out
  timeout = "10s"
  ## The minimum period between requests to the mesos agent
  rate_limit = "5s"
  ## List of labels to always add to each metric as tags
  whitelist = []
  ## Optional IAM configuration
  # ca_certificate_path = "/run/dcos/pki/CA/ca-bundle.crt"
  # iam_config_path = "/run/dcos/etc/dcos-telegraf/service_account.json"
```

### Tags:

This process adds the following tags to any metric with a container_id tag set:

 - `task_name` - the name of the task associated with this container
 - `executor_name` - the name of the executor which started the task associated
                     with this container
 - `service_name` - the name of the service (mesos framework) which scheduled 
                    the task associated with this container

Additionally, any task labels which are prefixed with `DCOS_METRICS_` are added
to each metric as a tag. For example, the application configuration would have
every metric associated with it decorated with a `FOO=bar` tag. Any task labels
that are included in the whitelist are also added to each metric as a tag.

```
{
  "id": "some-task",
  "cmd": "sleep 123",
  "labels": {
    "HAPROXY_V0_HOST": "http://www.example.com",
    "DCOS_METRICS_FOO": "bar"
  }
}
```
